---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2018-11-29
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.217

## Date: 2018-11-29

## Start: 4.12pm

## Attendance

### Committee

* Isaac Waugh

* Jordan Chang

* Owen Frere

* Kai Ciccarelli

* Tim Dempsey

* Kieran Cousins

* Matthew Oldfield

* Luke Tan

### Guests

* none

### Apologies

* Simeon Leatherland
* Yi Juin Lim
* Kelly Shi

### Absent

* none

## Old Minutes

* all good

## Old Action Items

* 2019 Quiz Tav booking

* Handover List

* End of year LAN dates/room confirmation.

  o    EMP rejected! But Nehal is following up on that matter currently

* Moving out of Engineering Pavillion
  * Need to find to put the LAN equipment
  * What to do with remaining pool equipment
    * Simeon is handling this matter about
    * We will have a check to see what is inside the closet

* Couch
  * Donated to the Eng Pav

* 2019 Committee welcome

## Treasury Report
- next month

## Agenda Items

* Prospectus/Sponsorships

  o   Simeon might be talking to Microsoft/EY about potential sponsorship

  o   Owen thinks since we have so many graduates going to Woodside we probably could get Woodside to get involved with us.

* Potential list of sponsors

  o   Woodside

  o   EY

  o   Bankwest

  * Sean and Nehal could help us ðŸ˜Š

  o   VGW

  o   Atlassian

  o   Github thingy program that Simeon might have briefly talked about

  o   Optiva (could be hard to have discussion with them)

  o   Thales
  * Hopefully since weâ€™ve been doing Capstone projects with them they could probably be interested

* Game jam/hackathon

  o   Apparently Simeon might be talking to someone at Microsoft who might be keen to help with the game jams

  o    What could we potentially sell at these?
  * Lollies we could sell for $2 while we buy in bulk for a cheaper price

* Handover of bank details

* Drive Access

  o   All members were given Drive access

* TidyHQ

  o   All members were given TidyHQ access

* G-Suite

  o   Not much was said except we should get to G-Suite.

  o   Probably would only need one G-suite account since we wouldnâ€™t need for each member

* Wiki

  o   Probably move it to Github then decide if we want to keep it

  o   Could probably migrate all that information to the actual website if needs be

* New logo

  o   Mattâ€™s friend could/will potentially help us making with the logo

  o   Would possibly charge us about $250~ for the whole logo

  o   Potentially characteristics of the logo:
  * Minimalist
    * Something that can help us look more professional

  o   We do have a banner with the old logo then

* Figure out what Sam/Delan is paying for

  o   Delan is still paying for the website

* Trello

  o   Most people agreed that trello is a good application to be used

* Club registration

  o   Form is probably online so that we can put in

## Past Events

* Adventure World
  * was fun! 3 members attended
  * Jordan, Isaac, Kieran

## Upcoming Events

* TBD

## General Discussion

* none

## New Action Items

* Resume Challenge / Recruiting Event

* Good because we could pitch it as sponsorship

* Could probably be only set up during 2020 because we might need to be sponsored

* Should be as easy for them as well.

* What could be a problem

  o   Merchandising

  o   Advertising

  o   First thing as first we need to approach the company for the pitch first as well

* Potentially early semester 2 would be a nice time frame since itâ€™d benefit graduates

* Could potentially link this up around when internships applications open

  o   But these two separate events ,

  \-          At the end of this we could potentially get some computing department people to review the applications without bias (as in removing names and contacts) so that we can ideally know which resumes to submit

*  **Tim has volunteered** to be the point of contact

## Next Meeting

* TBD - Potentially January when execs Jean and Simeon have a more
  stable timetable for more input and flexibility

## Finish: 5:31p.m.
