---
title: Meeting - 07/02/2021
---

# Tangled

## Script

(Flynn narrates)

This is the story of how I died.

Don't worry, this is actually

a very fun story. And the truth is, it isn't even mine.

This is the story of a girl named,

Rapunzel.

And it starts, with the sun.

Now, once upon a time, a single

drop of sunlight fell from the heavens.

And from this small drop of sun,

grew a magic, golden, flower.

It had the ability to heal the sick,

and injured.

Oh, you see that old woman,

over there?

You might want to remember her.

She's kind of important.

Well, centuries pass and a hop

skip and a bump right away there grew a kingdom.

The kingdom was ruled by a beloved

King and Queen.

And the Queen, well she was about

to have a baby,

and she got sick,

really, sick.

She was running out of time.

And that's when people usually start

to look for a miracle.

Or in this case, a magic golden flower.

Ahhh, I told you she'd

be important.

You see instead of sharing the

suns gift,

this woman, Mother Gothel,

hoarded it's healing power

and used it to keep herself

young for hundreds of years.

And all she had to do,

was sing a special song.

Flower gleam and glow,

let your power shine

Make the clock reverse,

bring back what once was mine

What once was mine

All right, you get the jist. She sings

she turns young, creepy, right?

We've found it!

Flynn:
The magic of the golden flower,

healed the queen.

A healthy baby girl,

a princess was born.

With beautiful golden hair.

I'll give you a hint.

That's Rapunzel.

To celebrate her birth, the King and

Queen launched a flying lantern into the sky.

For that one moment,

everything was perfect.

And then that moment ended.

Flower, gleam and glow,

let your powers shine

Make the clock re...

HUH!

Gothel broke into the castle and stole

the child, just like that...gone.

The Kingdom searched and searched,

but they could not find the Princess.

But deep within the forest

In a hidden tower.

Gothel raised the child

as her own.

...bring back what was lost, what once

was mine, what once was mine.

Gothel had found her new magic flower.

But this time she was determined

to keep it hidden.

Why can't I go outside?

The outside world is a dangerous place.

Filled with horrible, selfish people.

-You must stay here, where you're safe.

Do you understand, flower?

-Yes, Mommy.

Flynn:
But the walls of that tower,

could not hide everything.

Each year on her birthday, the King

and Queen released thousands of lanterns

into the sky.

In hope that one day, their lost

Princess, would return.

HAH!

Hmm, Well I guess Pascal's

not hiding out here.

(Chuckles)

GOTCHA!

That's twenty two for me.

How about twenty three,

out of forty five?

Okay, well, what do you want to do?

Yeah, I don't think so.

I like it in here and so do you.

Oh, come on Pascal, it's

not so bad in there.

TANGLED:

7a.m. the usual morning line-up

Starting the chores I sweep

'til the floors all clean

Polish and wax, do laundry and

mop and shine up.

Sweep again, and by then

it's like 7:
15.

So I'll read a book,

or maybe two or three.

Id add a few new paintings

to my gallery.

I'll play guitar, and knit, and cook

and basically.

Wonder when will my

life, begin.

Then after lunch, it's puzzles,

and darts and baking.

Papier-mch, a bit of ballet,

and chess.

Pottery, and ventriloquy, candle making.

Then I'll stretch, maybe sketch.

Take a climb, sew a dress, and I'll re-read the books.

If I have time to spare, I'll paint the wall

some more, I'm sure there's room somewhere.

And then I'll brush, and brush, and brush,

and brush my hair.

Stuck in the same place
